Okay, this concludes our section of the
course on Spring Externalized properties.
So there's a number of different ways we
can be setting properties within the
Spring Context and this is a very
important chapter. I know it may have get
a little dry seeing me set different
properties, different ways but you do
have quite a tool set here to work with
inside the Spring framework and this is
a very very important chapter because as
you develop Spring applications, setting
these properties, as you migrate your
Spring applications through the
enterprise and through different
environments, these properties are going
to be used for a lot of different things. You'll be using them to connect to
different databases, to enable different
databases, different data sources,
message cues, whether or not to turn on
something. So a lot of stuff can be
controlled with these properties and
it's a very important thing. I've been on
some very very complex Spring projects
where you had a lot of different
propertie, a lot of moving parts on
these larger Spring applications. So
that's why I spent a lot of detailed
time on this. So we are going to have a
lot more fun in the course going forward
and we're going to get off properties
into creating a real application and as
we progress further down in the course,
we will be coming back and utilizing and
reinforcing these properties and I'll
show you examples of where we can start
using these tool sets as we get more
realistic Spring applications to work
with.